this video is brought to you in part by
inked playmats at ink playmats calm your
place for custom-made playmats design
your own or shop from other featured
designers use promo code clots to save
ten percent on your order in play mat
your game your style check out something
to do on their website and come join us
for a fun friendly fnm environment
you
guess what time it is of course it's
time for another triple booster pack
darkest Pynchon opening oh yeah let's
get cracking first up we got a torch
fiend grade purge an F alius c-type
blood hunger array of Revelation a rack
with madness divination somber walled
dryad and a heavy medic for the
uncommons we have the curse of thirst
hey trackers instincts and a broader
pack alpha are rare today is another
mythic rare I always liked those mythic
rares Tim Moonville dragon what does he
even do each creature you control its
plus one plus zero to an attorney it's a
55 flying 46 our flip card for this pack
is a enter land permit which turns into
a inter land scourge its head on a pact
to kicking it off with another natalia
see kite wild hunger array of Revelation
another haunted pink thin graph tragic
slip and L gone Inquisitor a kecak
recluse a fires of undeath and a chance
of skiff saying I think that's how you
say it for on commons we have a
lingering souls hey secrets of the Dead
and a blood feud
a rare for today is the black white rare
which is pretty cool vault of Archangel
ultima be Archangel we have a zombie
token and a flipped car is loyal Cathar
this turns into unhallowed Cathar so we
got the black white land we've got one
more pack left one us will be soaring
probably not we know the way these
things go but if it was you would have a
story to tell you know Sardar we have a
clingy mists a burden of guilt a duck's
caress a near heat stalker gruesome
discovery
saving grasp and dying evil escorts the
fields and a somber walled dryad at the
uncommons we have another tower Geist a
deadly a lure and a gavin ii iron right
for the rare we have another mythic rare
which is when we've already pulled which
is another moon available dragon for our
flip card we have a loyal Cathar which
turns into an on hallowed guitar so
that's it for this triple booster pack
opening I hope you all enjoyed it and
hopefully you would come back and join
me for the next one see you later